# Solution Strategy

## Quality Goals

### Gradual Adoptability

The program has very few requirements regarding the depending project, namely the existence of a Node.js execution environment.
Other than that there are no requirements regarding project setup, structure and environment.
This makes it easily possible to introduce the program into existing projects.

### Scientific Contribution

The scientific contribution builds upon the systematic literature review of [Wang et al., “Requirements Traceability Technologies and Technology Transfer Decision Support: A Systematic Review.”](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0164121218301754). 
In this paper, Wang et al. summarize the current state of requirements traceability technology and also list current challenges as well as future areas of research. 
I chose to focus on the _lightweight_, _scalable_ and _automated_ challenges and research directions.

### Usability

To increase the usability of the system reasonable configuration defaults will be provided. 
Moreover, an effort on comprehensible error reporting and user hinting is made. 
The user documentation is also an area of focus.

### Extensibility

To allow the extension of the software, a plugin API is provided.
This way, developers can easily extend the base functionality of the program.

## Technology Decisions

I decided to use TypeScript as implementation language because it offers the benefits of typed languages but is still JavaScript. My main programming language is JavaScript. I also chose TypeScript because of the additional educational benefit for myself. Other than that, the main programming languages at LIMESODA are JavaScript and PHP. Since the software is supposed to be used at LIMESODA it made sense to stay close to the already existing technology stack.

I also made the decision to implement the programming using functional programming concepts because it results in testable code by design. Additionally after the initial software design prototype it seemed like an object oriented aaproach would not reap any benefits over a functional approach.

## Program Structure

The program is divided into the core program and additional plugins. In general, the core program is responsible for reading from the file system, piping the data through a chain of plugins and writing back to the file system. Plugins are responsible for data manipulation and additional processing. This separation simplifies development as well as testing because it limits the surface area of each component.

The core elements in the program are the data structures, specifically the requirement and annotation data structure. Those data structures are generated by the core program and piped through the chain of plugins. It connects the file system to the core program and it also connects the core program to the plugins.
