# Week 39

## Activities / Actual progress

### Create Build and Release Pipline

I conducted some research on how to create an automated build and release process with npm scripts and GitHub actions. After that I created a minimal setup where new version are created locally via npm scripts. When a new version is created, tests are executed. The new version is then pushed to GitHub. On GitHub, a new release is created. Upon creation, a pipeline is executed. The pipeline tests, builds, packages and publishes the new version to npm. The package is now available on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tracey-cli).

### Performance Improvements

I did some minor performance improvements to the package by optimizing the use of I/O tasks.

### Literature Research

I conducted more literature research. I checked the books from the library for topic relevancy. I also searched some other scientific journals (Elsevier).

I found a very promising [systematic literature review](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0164121218301754) of the year 2018 summarizing the current state of requirements traceability technology as well as current challenges and future fields of research. This review is a good point of entry and besides the excellent summary of the current state of technology it provides a list of relevant related scientific papers which I will research and review in the comming weeks. This should help deepening my understanding of the topic as well as substantiating the scientific question of my master thesis.

### Progress Report

I wrote this progress report

## Hours

| Activity                              | Effort  |
| ------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Create Build and Release Pipeline     | 6h      |
| Performance Improvements              | 2h      |
| Literature research                   | 20h     |
| Progress Report                       | 1h      |
| **Sum Total**                         | **29h** |

## Challenges

The systematic literature review used 114 scientific papers. It will be hard to review and read all of them. I will have to prioritize.

## Things solved

- I created the build and release pipeline
- I made some performance tweaks on the package
- I gathered literature in order to be able to properly explain the reasoning behind the project as well as to formulate a concrete scientific question to answer
- I read some of the found literature

## Ideas

- No new ideas this week

## Planned activities for the upcomming week

- Continue with the literature research
    - Have a look at the cited papers from the systematic literature review. Read the most cited papers first. Then the ones most relevant/related.
    - Find out wether the university offers access to a scientific marketplace to widen the field of literature research
- Start writing the technical documentation
    - Create a top-level architecture diagram of the current state of the implementation.
