# Week 39

## Activities / Actual progress

### Literature research

I continued with the literature research. The goal of this was to adapt the propsed research questions to better suit the current state of science and technology.

Major reference points were:

- [Wang et al., “Requirements Traceability Technologies and Technology Transfer Decision Support: A Systematic Review.”](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0164121218301754)
- [Cleland-Huang et al., “Software Traceability: Trends and future directions”](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265643198_Software_traceability_Trends_and_future_directions)

Additionally, I could obtain a better understanding of the general subject matter as well as the current state of science and technology.

### Adapting the proposed research questions

I tried to adapt the proposed research questions to the current state of science and technology. Furthermore, I tried to come up with new research questions that beeter suit the current state of science and technology. The proposed research questions from June 2020 are:

- What value can be offered to developers and project managers from generating and maintaining traceability links?
- How can a new requirements engineering workflow be gradually introduced in a company?

Some potential candidates for new and/or additional research questions could be:

- How can a tool support a scalable requirements traceability approach?
- How can a tool support a lightweight requirements traceability approach?
- How can benefits of a requirements traceability approach be measured?
- How can these benefits be made accessible, understandable and visible to users?

The newly proposed research questions are subject of refinement and discussion with the academic supervisor.

### Progress report

I wrote this progress report

## Hours

| Activity                                 | Effort  |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Literature research                      | 16h     |
| Adapting the proposed research questions | 4h      |
| Progress Report                          | 1h      |
| **Sum Total of this week**               | **21h** |

## Challenges

After thorough literature research I realize that the original project prpoposal and research questions are about 10 years behind the current state of science and technology. Therefore I have to rethink the future of the project and the thesis from the ground up. At the same time I have to balance the project requirements with the technical supervisor so that the project solves the problem it was supposed to solve.

## Things solved

- Come up with additional candidates for research questions
- Better understand the general subject matter
- Locate the current state of science and technology regarding the subject matter

## Ideas

- No new ideas this week

## Planned activities for the upcomming week

- Start writing the technical documentation for the master project
- Refine the proposed candidates for research questions
- Document the reasoning behind the master project
    - What is the reasoning behind the project? Why does this project exist?
    - Which problem are we trying to solve?
    - How does the master project try to solve that problem?
    - What is the proposed solution? What will be the project outcome?
- Create a proposal for the master thesis structure and discuss it with the academic supervisor
- Continue with literature research
