# Week 38

## Activities / Actual progress

### Write User Documentation

I wrote the user documentation. You can find it within the `docs` directory. I also rewrote the project [README.md](../README.md), linked the user documentation and added the `Contributing` section.

### Code Refactoring

I restructured parts of the codebase. The biggest change was to move the requirements documentation to a new directory `requirements` and to use the directory `docs` for the user documentation. Other than that I simplified the Markdown generator.

### Research: Package Publishing

I did some research on how to set up a release pipeline with npm scripts and GitHub actions to automatically deliver new package versions to npm. I found the following links:

- https://docs.github.com/en/actions/guides/publishing-nodejs-packages
- https://www.hackdoor.io/articles/OkpOYJAE/publishing-a-typescript-library?source=gama
- https://blog.logrocket.com/publishing-node-modules-typescript-es-modules/

### Meeting with academic supervisor

On Wednesday, 16.09.2020, I had a meeting with my academic supervisor Daniel Kienböck. We discussed the current state of the project and how to progress further. Summary:

- The current state of project implementation is great
- It is important that I now start with the research part of the project
- I should focus on researching literature, finding a concrete scientific question and preparing the mid term presentation
- The project can now be published to npm
- In order to avoid problems with ownership, I should not accept any pull requests
- Another area to focus on is the technical documentation. This part of the documentation might also be used for the mater thesis

### Literature Research

I did some literature research. I got some books from the library:

-  https://dpunkt.de/produkt/systematisches-requirements-engineering-2/
- https://www.pearson-studium.de/software-requirements.html

Furthermore, I did some research on google scholar using the search phrase `Requirements Traceability` and found a lot of papers. Most of them were written in the 90s. I am still researching to find some more recent literature to have a good mix of well established (but old) and cutting edge (recent) science.

### Progress Report

I wrote this progress report

## Hours

| Activity                     | Effort  |
| ---------------------------- | ------- |
| Write user documentation     | 2h      |
| Code refactoring             | 4h      |
| Research: Package publishing | 2h      |
| Meeting: academic supervisor | 1h      |
| Literature research          | 20h     |
| Progress Report              | 1h      |
| **Sum Total**                | **30h** |

## Challenges

Currently I am starting to write the technical documentation. The challenge here is that I implemented the project mostly using functional programming concepts and not object oriented programming concepts. It is hard to find good visual documentation tools (like graphs, charts, etc) for these functional programming concepts. I am not sure if I should rewrite the application using object oriented programming concepts just to be able to do a proper technical documentation.

## Things solved

- I finished the user documentation this week
- I prepared information for the upcomming package publishing.
- I gathered literature in order to be able to properly explain the reasoning behind the project as well as to formulate a concrete scientific question to answer

## Ideas

- No new ideas this week

## Planned activities for the upcomming week

- Set up the release pipeline
- Publish the package to npm
- Continue with the literature research
    - Summarize noteworthy content of the available books
    - Find a concrete list of papers (old and new) for further research
    - Find out wether the university offers access to a scientific marketplace to widen the field of literature research
