# Week 42

## Activities / Actual progress

Current release [v0.0.15](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tracey-cli/v/0.0.15)

### Literature Research

I did some more broad literature research but did not discover any major findings. Therefore, I decided to continue with the literature research using a more directed approach.

### Source Code Restructuring

I restructured the source code. I did this because I discovered some design flaws that I wanted to fix. As a result it is now possible to create links between requirements as well. Furthermore the domain model makes much more sense now.

### Documentation Reorganization

I reorganized the documentation to make it easier to navigate and clean up the root directory of the project.

### Connect Codecov

I connected the project repository with [Codecov](https://codecov.io/) and implemented a GitHub action that triggers a test run, creates coverage reports and sends those reports to Codecov. I added the Codecov coverage shield to the project README.md to increase the visibility of the code coverage to the academic as well as the technical supervisor.

### Technical Documentation

I started writing the technical documentation. I created a [Component diagram](../../technical/Components.png). I also tried to document the data structures by using an [object diagram](../../technical/DataStructures.png). I also created [a diagram](../../technical/Layers.png) to visualize the mapping of the layers of a 3-tier architecture into the application context.

### Mid-term Presentation

I started creating the mid-term presentation.

### Progress report

I wrote this progress report

## Hours

| Activity                                 | Effort  |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Source Code Restructuring                | 8h      |
| Documentation Reorganization             | 1h      |
| Literature Research                      | 8h      |
| Connect Codecov                          | 2h      |
| Technical Documentation                  | 4h      |
| Mid-Term Presentation                    | 4h      |
| Progress Report                          | 1h      |
| **Sum Total of this week**               | **28h** |

## Challenges

Currently, the COVID-19 situation is causing troubles in my life. I am quarantined since the 11th of October and have to stay quarantined until October, 29th. The quarantine takes a toll on my motivation and focus. After a full day of work it is hard for me to just continue working on this project or reading more literature without going outside. My mind is currently not getting much rest. I also cannot go to the library for literature.

The challenge of the technical documentation still remains. I use functional programming concepts and have a hard time finding appropriate tools for visualizing the architecture. I think the easiest way would be to use the data structures and types from the domain model. I tried to visualize the data structures with an [object diagram](../../technical/DataStructures.png). I am not sure if this is a viable option.

## Things solved

- I continued with the literature research
- I restructure the source code
- I reorganized the documentation
- I connected Codecov and made the code coverage visible to everyone
- I started writing the technical documentation
- I started with the Mid-Term presentation

## Ideas

I thought it might be a cool idea to create a concept for a code editor extension (for VS Code for instance) for better tool integration and easy of use. The extension could make it easier to navigate the trace links or create new requirements and trace links.

## Planned activities for the upcomming week

- Continue writing and refining the technical documentation
    - Specifically research the arc42 method
- Refine the proposed candidates for research questions
- Create a proposal for the master thesis structure and discuss it with the academic supervisor
- Continue working on the mid-term presentation
- Continue with literature research
