# Week 44

Current release [v0.0.20](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tracey-cli/v/0.0.20)

## Activities / Actual progress

### Arc42

I completed the first draft of the technical documentation using arc42 as template. Find the documentation inside [docs/technical/arc42/index.md](../../technical/arc42/index.md)

### Plugin API

I implemented the Plugin API. Plugins can now be used in the configuration file.

### tracey-plugin-childrequirements

I implemented a plugin that allows organizing requirements in a hierarchical manners by using the frontmatter key `parent`. The plugin then generates a table of child requirements.

### tracey-plugin-breadcrumbs

I implemented a plugin for generating a breadcrumbs navigation for requirements. Requirements can be organized in a hierarchical manner by using the frontmatter key `parent`

### tracey-plugin-requirementsummary

I implemented a plugin for generating a summary of all requirements. Requirements can provide a short description using the frontmatter key `synopsis`. The plugin then generates a table displaying the identifier, a relative link and the synopsis of every available requirement.

### Progress report

I wrote this progress report

## Hours

| Activity                                 | Effort  |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Arc42                                    | 16h     |
| Plugin API                               | 12h     |
| tracey-plugin-childrequirements          | 8h      |
| tracey-plugin-breadcrumbs                | 6h      |
| tracey-plugin-requirementsummary         | 8h      |
| Progress Report                          | 1h      |
| **Sum Total of this week**               | **52h** |

## Challenges

The quarantine really took a toll on my mental wellbeing. I am now free again but I had to take a step from the project for a day to regain energy and motivation. I am still very broken down mentally. I will try to push through until the mid-term presentation but I am going to need a longer break of several days when the mid-term presentation is done.

## Things solved

- I finished the first draft of the technical documentation
- I implemented the Plugin API
- I implemented several plugins

## Ideas

No new ideas this week

## Planned activities for the upcomming week

- Refine the proposed candidates for research questions
- Create a proposal for the master thesis structure and discuss it with the academic supervisor
- Continue working on the mid-term presentation
- Continue with literature research
